Update evaluation to use new splitters and include updates (#769)
NeuroTechX/moabb: docs/source/whats_new.rst

- Adding :func:`moabb.analysis.plotting.dataset_bubble_plot` plus the corresponding tutorial (:gh:`753` by `Pierre Guetschel`_)
- Adding :func:`moabb.datasets.utils.plot_all_datasets` and update the tutorial (:gh:`758` by `Pierre Guetschel`_)
- Improve the dataset model cards in each API page (:gh:`765` by `Pierre Guetschel`_)

> - Using the splitters in the evaluation (:gh:`769` by `Bruno Aristimunha`_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Refactor :class:`moabb.evaluation.CrossSessionEvaluation` and :class:`moabb.evaluation.CrossSubjectEvaluation` to use the new splitter classes (:gh:`769` by `Bruno Aristimunha`_)
```
